Doctor Xiaobao, what's wrong?
He has acute dysfunctional anemia
That's what caused the sudden nosebleed
Doctor, are you sure?
Why is my Xiaobao so miserable?
He's four years old.
Doctor, I beg you to cure Xiaobao
He just got back to us.
I didn't even think about a good day
Gently you
The doctor will do his best
Miss Hu, you are still pregnant
Can't get too excited
Xiaobao's disease is in the early stage
With treatment, you will be fine within a year
When the baby in your belly is born
We can treat him with cord blood
cord blood
Do you mean umbilical cord blood can save Xiaobao?
Yes!
Umbilical cord blood contains a large number of hematopoietic stem cells
It can be transplanted into Xiaobao to cure him
That's great, Xiaobao is saved
Time, our little treasure is saved.
piano
You have a baby?
Well, I didn't have time to tell you.
It's been two months.
Great dear
You are really the lucky star for me and Xiaobao, I love you.
By the way, the doctor said that everything is stable in the tender body
You will be born safely next month
Wait for him to be born
Xiaobao is also saved
Hey
How do you know it must be a baby girl?
She's so good
No trouble at all, I must be a baby girl